[DSM] Add link text to DSM to each core DSM integration so that DSM shows up on the website (#19854)
DataDog/integrations-core: rabbitmq/README.md

- Track node-based stats: waiting processes, used sockets, used file descriptors, and more.
- Monitor vhosts for aliveness and number of connections.

> To get more out of your RabbitMQ integration, including visualizing your pipelines and tracking lag through the pipeline to root out bottlenecks, consider [Data Streams Monitoring][24].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider [Data Streams Monitoring][24] to enhance your RabbitMQ integration. This solution enables pipeline visualization and lag tracking, helping you identify and resolve bottlenecks.
```
